
blink.desc --  Example application that handles clock events to update
the LEDs like a counter

wave.desc - slightly larger example that utilizes TOS tasks within an
asynchronous interface to a photo sensor.

chirp.desc -- example appliation that sends out periodic radio messages
containg sensor readings.

uart_chirp.desc -- same as chirp except it sends all data out over a
UART instead of the radio.

connect.desc  -- an appliation that does ad-hoc netowking. It determines
a spanning tree and sends back sensor reading over that tree to the
base station.  This version is for use on the mobile RENE motes.

connect_base.desc -- same as connect except it include a messaging
layer capable of being used while connected to a UART.  If the node is
to be a base station, then it also has to have -DBASE_STATION used at
compile time.  This code can be used on a mobile node if messages are
to travers a UART (say it's attached to a RS232 based sensor.

LOGGER_TEST.desc -- A simple test of the logging facility.  It will
periodically take samples from the ADC, time stamp them, and write them
to the log.  It handles an active message which will cause it to go and
retreive data from the log and send it out onto the UART.

cnt_to_leds.desc -- a demonstration application that is indended to
show how to use description files to modify application behavior.
It has the same behavior as blink.

cnt_to_rfm.desc -- Using the same application level code as cnt_to_leds,
this application send the counter value to the RFM.

sens_to_leds.desc -- a demonstration applicaton that send sensor reading
to the LEDS.

sens_to_rfm.desci -- Using the same application level code as
sens_to_leds, this application send the sensor value to the RFM.

generic_base.desc -- This generic base station listens to packet and
forwards ANYTHING that is recieved to the UART without modification.

interp_base.desc -- This application include a tiny virtual machine that 
runs on TinyOS.  


mags.desc -- This application demonstrates how to do high
sampling rate data aquisition.  It reads from the ADC at 800 smaples/sec
and performs a low pass filter on the data that is arriving. If it
detects that the sample data is changing significantly, it will signal
an event has occurred.  This component was originally written for use
with a magnetometer, but works with any analog sensor.



