This directory contains the mote-gw package, mostly unmodified except for
a few fixes and debug code inserted. Read the README-mote-gw for an overview
of what it is suppossed to do.

At the lowest level is the server, which listens on the specified port for
am packets and simply forwards it to the uart. Some primitive form of
flow control is employed so clients dont send massive amounts of data.
Some times the sync is lost, and incomming pakets are shifted by a constant
factor, to fix this send a HUP signal to the server process. Caveats: This is 
again very primitive, it tries to find the LOCAL_GROUP field in the packet
and synchronises on that. Make sure the LOCAL_GROUP on the MOTE_GW, and the
DV_HOP programs are the same as in the server, this is defined in the Makefile.
Packet lengths are defined in the mote-gw.h file, make sure this is same as
the one defined in MSG.h (take into consideration the fact that size of int
can be different in the mote and on the PC, so this is not the same as a
sizeof(am_packet))

The client is the aps-query.c file. This connects to the server and expects
input from the user. The program forms a am packet out of the user input
and sends it to the server. Similarly, when a packet is received, it
interprets the am packet and writes it to screen in a special text format.
QUERY_HANDLER and REPLY_HANDLER are defines in system/include/aps_msgs.h
these must be the same as the ones found in the SEND_COORD_DV.desc file.h.
BYTEORDERING BUG!!! no byteordering conversion is done, so the PC running
the aps-query must be a x86, which has the same byteordering as the mote.


The GUI which interacts with the client through stdin and stdout is the
tcl program which sends the query in the format expected by aps-query.c.
When aps-query.c prints out the reply, the GUI is updated automatically.
The start-dem.sh is a script that arranges the redirection between the tcl
program and the client program, read the script to make sure things are ok.
The GUI does an initial broadcast when it comes up, this just gets the
coordinates from all nearby motes. When a particular mote is clicked, more
information is gathered.
To see if more motes have joined, click Rescan.
To update values for the selected mote, clic Update Values
To Send the query to the selected mote, click send query.
Refresh will delete all state and contents of the map and start over again
by sending a broadcast.
X and Y cannot be changed for non landmarks, the only other modifiable field
is Restart_APS which will restart the APS algorithm on a non landmark node.

